hey guys I am here with Darren de Paul
coverage sponsored by omen now Darren
your voice is a little bit familiar to
me but I can't quite put my well then
I'm the voice of Reinhardt in overwatch
and warlord black hand and a whole bunch
of characters in world of warcraft I'm a
noob Iraq and hearthstone I'm in in
heroes of the storm
I am the axe flinger in hearthstone
they've been very good to me I I'm like
the Billy West of Blizzard and I get to
do all these amazing amazing characters
and make this wonderful writing come to
life
see now I'm a little bit of a voice
actor nerds love Billy West love all of
these amazing voice actors I mean some
of them are here today yeah take my
money oh my gosh fry you're just blowing
me away we're gonna made a show together
so Billy's just an amazing person and I
think Blizzard let me do that what I I
live in New York and about four and a
half years ago my wife and I tried this
as an experiment because to work in
animation and video games you have to
physically be in Los Angeles so we
thought we'd come for a couple months
and Blizzard was the first company to go
oh you you're not going home you have a
lot of training and you're gonna stay
you this is a crazy instrument that you
have and I had always played Diablo and
Diablo 2 and Diablo 3 and never thought
that this would happen being part of it
and being part of the opening ceremony
and having that wonderful animated short
that we debuted today for reinhard and
its really special folks I mean I
mentioned before I already had tears
streaming down when you announced it but
I want to ask you where did you find the
voice of Reinhardt Reinhardt is my dad
my dad was Russian but born and raised
in Germany and he had a very unique way
of talking and if you here in the Junkin
stein that's more like him that my
father was quieter but you just pump it
up pump it up pump it up add the joy and
that's Reinhardt and we had a lot of
russian and german people that would
come visit when we were younger and so
I've always been around those type of
people and got them and understood them
and right now it's kind of Quixote in a
lot of ways which I love there's just so
many layers to him you think he's just
this funny goofy warrior but today we
saw there's a lot of pain we see where
he comes from and so it's very playable
it's very active all know it's a very
active thing to say but coming from
theatre it's like these are wonderful
active all strong choices that we can
make
now I saw you last year at Blizzcon
walking around carrying hammers walking
with all the cosplayers everyone seems
to love you eat you up today's
announcement what do you think about the
overwatch community and the Blizzard
community at Blizzcon here I am part of
them you know being a fan of all these
things and everyone has been so kind and
so welcoming and I can't believe it
you know I'm just a mouth stupid I got
lucky and to have all this and you just
saw there are all these people that want
pictures and that want a personal moment
and I'm I'm just this person that loves
to do what he does and as a you know an
actor I like to hide behind the
character so it's hard to get out there
and be like you but you want to share
because they're sharing their joy and
their passion for what we do so I want
to give back because it means the world
to us it really really does now for I
took a lot of pictures of people this
person was so kind everyone was waiting
you're like no I will take pictures so
thank you for sharing your joy of course
got to make sure that everyone gets a
picture with their favorite hero are you
kidding me I want to ask for the little
reinhardt's out there who think that
you're their hero do you have any advice
for them on maybe they want to become
the next big reinhardt or next big voice
if you want to be a voice actor remember
the operative word is actor a lot of
people say like Tom Kenny who is Sponge
Bob he'll go or rob paulsen who's Gekko
and and and pinky from digging in the
brain he'll go it's small V but big a
little bit it's all about the acting you
have to bring the acting so study study
study study study do improv do theater
do community theater it's all about
bringing that character to life if you
have a funny voice that's cool
but will you be able to act that bring
it to life make different choices not
just do one thing it's like exploring
the character from inside from up here
too it's not just saying lines it's
getting in the booth and living that
moment and doing it really quickly
because you don't see the script before
you get there you show up you'll see the
lines and you have seconds to make eight
an acting choice and you'll do it three
times and you go okay that did you like
that and I love it because I'm kind of a
machine that way I love to see where my
brain is gonna go but that's it
your journey if you want to be an actor
find your career everyone's career in
theater in film in television it's
different you don't know what's gonna
lead you you don't know what chance you
take that will pay off it's hard it's
really hard but if you want to do it do
it don't I know you have to run maybe
find your own payload you gotta let me
set it up next time no just kidding well
is there anything that you or maybe
Reinhardt would like to say to your fans
out there just Thanks
this has been amazing I probably will
cry multiple times during the day but
you know just thank you and thanks for
liking my dad wonderful you got me twice
but Darin again thank you so much for
talking with us and you could stay tuned
here for more of our coverage you better
thanks to omen for supporting our
content they are a new partner of the
overwatch league and you can follow them
on twitter at omen by HP